 Known Bugs worthy of a mention:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

1.  Issues with server hostmasking.
    - If for example the new servername is blah.blah.blah.nl, the following 
      servernames will be checked, in this order: *.blah.blah.nl, *.blah.nl,
      *.nl, one of which will match the host-masked server they are
      connecting behind. This will be accepted by the host-masked server it
      is connected behind, but when it reaches the server the host-masked
      server is connected to, the find_server will match, so the host-masked
      server will be dropped.

2.  Unconfirmed reports of /modunload coring on certain platforms.
    - There is an issue here with unloading a different module to that what
      is loaded.  For example, you have m_vanity.so as a loaded module, and
      you add 4 new commands to it, replace the module, then try to unload it.

      If you have made the module correctly, when unloading the module, you
      would have also coded it to remove the 4 new commands, which it cant do
      as they dont exist.  This could cause the server to core.  It also cannot
      realistically be fixed, as you remove the whole point of dynamic modules.

      This could also happen if you have a modules { path="x"; }; statement in
      your config, with an old, or different copy of the module in.  It may
      try to unload this version of the module, instead of the one that is 
      actually loaded.

      So:
      - Minor changes are normally Ok, such as adding a couple of lines to code.
      If you do a major change to the module, including adding new commands, it
      is recommended that you unload the module FIRST, replace the module file
      and then /modload the module.
      - Dont have multiple copies of the same module in your paths.

3.  Problem with msgfmt command building custom msgs using gettext
    - Please ensure you are using GNU gettext version 0.10.35.
      Other versions are untested, and some are known to be
      incompatible.

4.  Problems with quote set msglocale not working on linux.
    This seems to be a linux problem, /quote set msglocale will sometimes get
    "undone" when a new client connects.  The server will also sometimes
    not correctly set the locale from ircd.conf on startup.

    The solution is if a locale is needed, to have the message_locale="x" in
    ircd.conf, and then rehash to make it take effect.  A rehash after startup
    will also need to be performed to set the locale.

5.  When updating a message file, in certain unknown situations it will core
    if the file in use is being accessed.  To prevent this from happening,
    use '/quote SET MSGLOCALE standard' BEFORE issuing make install.  When
    the file is installed, you can SET MSGLOCALE back to the language that
    was just updated.

For more information see http://bugs.efnow.net

BUG REPORTS: If you run this code and encounter problems, you must report
 the bug in one of the following ways:
  a) By WEB - fill in the forms at http://bugs.efnow.net;
  b) By EMAIL to ircd-hybrid@the-project.org.
  c) By GNATS - use the `send-pr' script that should be installed into bin/ 
     along with the rest of ircd.
 Please include a gdb backtrace and a copy of your config.h and ircd.conf 
 with any report  (with passwords and other sensitive information masked).

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$Id$
