-- ircd-hybrid-7beta15 RELNOTES

o) fixed a core in the servlink code
o) fixed gettext/message locale code
o) fixed the prefix on a KILL message
o) added use_anonops to the channel {}; section in ircd.conf
   this is disabled by default, due to known problems and the flooding
   when resyncing users oplists.  this can only be changed on a /restart.
o) the use_anonops/halfops/invex/except options will actually disable users
   setting these modes now
o) a core with clearchan was fixed
o) more double free fixes
o) a flaw in serverhide relating to /who was fixed
o) protection against users flooding has been re-enabled.
o) found a workaround for a gcc bug on sparc32, ircd-hybrid-7 should work
   on sparc systems using 32-bit gcc now.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This is the current beta version of ircd-hybrid-7.

NOTE: This is still BETA code.  Run it at your own risk.  By running this
 code you assume FULL responsibility for any problems it may cause.  We do
 NOT recommend that you run BETA code on production IRC networks such
 as EFnet.

BUGS: Major bugs in this release are listed in BUGS

BUG REPORTS: If you run this code and encounter problems, you must report
 the bug in one of the following ways:
  a) By EMAIL to ircd-hybrid@the-project.org.  
 Please include a gdb backtrace and a copy of your config.h and ircd.conf 
 with any report  (with passwords and other sensitive information masked).

DISCUSSION: There is a mailing list for discussion of hybrid issues,
 including betas.  To subscribe, send a message with the subject "subscribe"
 to hybrid-request@the-project.org.  This is the proper place to discuss new
 features, bugs, etc.  Posting here is much more likely to get something
 done than ranting on #TZ.

TESTING: This code is under active development, and a lot changes from beta
 to beta.  As the user of this code, we request that you help us test things
 which have changed recently, and which would benefeit from being tested
 much as possible.  The following are some things that have changed, and what
 you can do to help us test them.
     o) Exiting Clients
        - The way clients are exited and cleaned from memory has been largely
          redone since the last release.  Unusual situations involving clients
          exiting will help expose any remaining problems.
     o) Mac OS X Modules
        - Support for Darwin and Mac OS X style modules, through the
          NSModule(3) interface has been added, and is designed to work as
          loadable modules do on most UNIX systems.  Feeding it bad or
          duplicate modules to find bugs would be appriciated.

				
Questions/comments directed to ircd-hybrid@the-project.org

Please read doc/whats-new.txt for information about what is in this release

Other files recommended for reading: BUGS, README.FIRST, INSTALL

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
$Id$
